You can't keep playing the sick game in here.
If you hurt yourself again, I will happily watch you die.
No, you won't.
You still love me.
That's why you always come on a call.
I'm a wedding ring.
Remember?
Remember how you told me you loved me when you gave it to me?
You're my husband.
Mine! Not Chloe Grace!
The only reason I asked you to marry me is because it's what you and Mother wanted.
You'd be my trophy wife right now if you hadn't left on a wedding day.
Let's face it, Anita. We were never a loving cop.
I don't believe you.
Marriage is nothing more than a pile of signed paper.
No!
Marriage can be broken at any time for any number of you.
You told me you loved me!
That was just a familiar fantasy.
So what does her engagement mean to you then?
Another fantasy?